l-cKcSAir Temperature
dmAzuTAtmospheric Pressure
Rlw-idCooling Degree Days
XM_bX4Earth Skin Temperature
yo5qwKHeating Degree Days
Mf7tAKRelative Humidity
om7n4nDNI GeoModel High Resolution
c9FGLxDNI INPE High Resolution
Tb8_EPDNI INPE Moderate Resolution
840V1jDNI NASA Low Resolution
kKV2XWDNI NREL Moderate Resolution
K5UEEhDNI SUNY High Resolution
uhUo8LGHI DLR High Resolution
z0JMesGHI GeoModel High Resolution
Hj0X2RGHI INPE High Resolution
we1q1FGHI INPE Moderate Resolution
0bbQfGGHI NASA Low Resolution
ZHWReMGHI NREL Moderate Resolution
K-ndRtGHI SUNY High Resolution
ME4NNKTILT GeoModel High Resolution
sNgXh9TILT INPE High Resolution
ukG-GdTILT INPE Moderate Resolution
qoNlp8TILT NASA Low Resolution
YOq883TILT NREL Moderate Resolution
eQIKPvTILT SUNY High Resolution
6g9qt4Admin
c6iRZsCities
pLAzfIInternational Parks
oC0X-GLakes
BiUyPtMajor Cities
LJquxCMajor Lakes
spNvJ0Major Rivers
8JxcvPNational Parks
80wzrpNational Parks (Other)
eFtuaKRivers
rtOuw_Wind INPE High Resolution
ns8O5HWind INPE Moderate Resolution
vMk7CeWind NASA Low Resolution
gdkS7EWind NOAA Moderate Resolution
udIZD3Wind NREL Int'l High Resolution
cHwSbrWind NREL U.S. High Resolution
T488l9Wind NREL U.S. Offshore High Resolution